always make sure you do a quick warm-up
before your exercises and a cool-down
afterward to prevent injury and maintain
your flexibility number three
sideline leg raise time to get down on
the floor you'll do 30 repetitions on
one side and 30 on the other lie down on
your side and flex both feet you can use
your lower arm to support your head your
other arm should be at an angle with
your hand holding onto your waist lift
your top leg as far as you can then
lower your leg without touching the
ground and lift it again do 20
repetitions of this move
you shouldn't rest your leg on the
ground this will make your leg bounce up
and the exercise won't be so effective
make sure you're not using momentum to
lower and lift your leg the movement
should be performed in a controlled
fashion now lower your leg for a tiny
rest lift your leg again and hold it at
its highest point keeping your foot
flexed make small circles in the air for
10 repetitions for an easier approach
you can lift your leg lower it and touch
the ground without doing the circles in
the air now switch sides start by doing
20 repetitions of the simple leg lifts
to make this move more advanced you can
extend your arm and lay your head down
on it then try lifting and lowering both
legs at the same time you'll need to
keep both legs glued together the whole
time the best part of this move is that
you can do it anywhere as long as
there's enough space it will help you
tone your glutes and hips but it will
mostly target your outer thighs if you
are one of the millions of people in the
world with cellulite focusing on this
powerful outer thigh exercise will help
you regain smooth legs and might help
you drop a gene size according to a
variety of reports cellulite affects
anywhere between 80% and 98% of women
and women get it a lot more often
men particularly in their thighs and
hips now finish up by doing ten more
repetitions of the air circles if
cellulite is a problem for you remember
that cellulite is essentially fat to get
rid of it you simply need to lose body
fat
once you become slimmer the appearance
of cellulite on your thighs and glutes
can be drastically reduced number two
tree lean to side lunge lunges are a
vital part of any exercise routine that
seeks to reduce thigh fat they are good
at increasing your heart rate which
leads to fat burn and when you add the
tree lean leaf you get a really
effective combo movement a regular lunge
will usually target just her inner
thighs but this move will also work your
core hips an entire lower body in
addition it will increase your strength
endurance and range of motion shoot for
30 repetitions on alternating sides
start by standing tall placing your feet
close together and extending your arms
over your head be careful the first time
you do this movement that you don't lose
your balance
bend at the waist and reach with your
hands toward the right side of the room
as you do this push your hips to the
left to get a better stretch in a fluid
movement bring your arms back up to the
original position past it toward the
left side and then down as if you're
forming a circle in the air extend your
right leg to the side and move into a
deep lunge position your right hand
should rest on your thigh and your left
hand should touch the floor push off the
floor and return your arms in the same
circular motion to the position you
started in at the same time bring your
right foot back to the left make sure
you don't curve your back or hunt your
shoulders as you do this move continue
doing the repetitions since one of the
areas this move targets is your inner
thigh you can lose the fat that makes
your thighs rub together and causes that
painful chafing so say goodbye to anti
chafe products like deodorants creams
shorts and thigh bands
number one one legged hip thrusts 30
repetitions this exercise involves a
compound movement which means it works
multiple joints and is perfect for fat
burning you'll need a bench chair or
something you can safely put your foot
on and push against without the object
moving try to do 30 repetitions while
alternating each leg that's 15
repetitions on each side lie with your
back flat on the floor and place your
bent legs on the bench or chair push
your hips upward and while you do so
raise your right leg straight up the
other leg should remain at a 90 degree
angle your hips should be fully extended
and your back should be straight lower
your right leg as you do so keep your
core and glutes engaged by squeezing
them now do the movement with your left
leg and keep alternating if you find
this position difficult you can get rid
of the bench and place your foot flat on
the floor then do the same hip thrust
and leg movement this killer move will
help your thighs slim down and work
wonders on your glutes as well
you're almost there the legs are one of
those stubborn areas where a lot of fat
can be stored even if you are slimming
down in other areas so don't get
discouraged it's important to do the
right leg exercises that will help you
not to bulk up if you are set on
slimming down rather than getting legs
that are too muscular it's best to do
exercises like this over other popular
leg exercises like squats squats are
great for increasing your metabolism and
will make your glutes look phenomenal
but they can definitely make your legs
look bigger you're all done make sure
you finish your exercise with a proper
5-minute cooldown session targeting a
particular area for fat loss is always
tricky but these exercises will give you
the best chance to lose that pesky thigh
fat for the best results add these
exercises to your existing workout
routine the best workout will include
cardio strength training and flexibility
exercises and remember to also follow a
healthy diet